[DOCS-9861] adding troubleshooting section to restricted networks (#27321)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/mobile_app_testing/mobile_app_tests/restricted_networks.md

`185.94.24.0/22`</br>
`34.96.70.78`</br>

## Troubleshooting

If you experience issues with Mobile App Testing on restricted networks, use the following troubleshooting guidelines. If you need further assistance, contact [Datadog support][1].

### Unable to launch recorder

> To launch the Mobile Application Testing (MAT) Recorder, Datadog needs to establish UDP/TCP TURN connections to enable WebRTC connections. If the user is behind a restrictive network (such as a strict firewall or VPN), these connections may fail, leading to the following error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To launch the Mobile Application Testing (MAT) Recorder, Datadog needs to establish UDP/TCP TURN connections to enable WebRTC connections. If the user is behind a restrictive network (such as a strict firewall or VPN), these connections may fail, leading to a "Device unexpectedly disconnected" error:
```
In order to support search, I don't recommend using an image alone to describe the error. Most people search for the text of the error they received.

{{< img src="/mobile_app_testing/restricted_networks/device_disconnected_error.png" alt="Screenshot of launching a mobile device, displaying the disconnected error." style="width:100%;" >}}

> To check for successful UDP/TCP TURN connections, run a network test using a [Twilio Network Test][2]. The result of the test confirms whether connectivity to TURN servers is successful or not. The following is an example of a successful connection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check for successful UDP/TCP TURN connections, run a network test using a [Twilio Network Test][2]. The result of the test confirms whether connectivity to TURN servers is successful or not. If the connection is successful, you will see a message like "Successfully established a UDP connection to Twilio":
```

> {{< img src="/mobile_app_testing/restricted_networks/twilio_test.png" alt="Screenshot of a successful test using a twilio network test." style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/mobile_app_testing/restricted_networks/twilio_test.png" alt="Screenshot of a successful test using a Twilio Network Test." style="width:100%;" >}}
```
